---
# generated by https://github.com/hashicorp/terraform-plugin-docs
page_title: "cockroach_cluster Data Source - terraform-provider-cockroach"
subcategory: ""
description: |-
  CockroachDB Cloud cluster. Can be Dedicated or Serverless.
---

# cockroach_cluster (Data Source)

CockroachDB Cloud cluster. Can be Dedicated or Serverless.

## Example Usage

```terraform
variable "cluster_id" {
  type = string
}

data "cockroach_cluster" "cockroach" {
  id = var.cluster_id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Read-Only

- `account_id` (String) The cloud provider account ID that hosts the cluster. Needed for CMEK and other advanced features.
- `backup_config` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--backup_config))
- `cloud_provider` (String) Cloud provider used to host the cluster. Allowed values are:
  * GCP
  * AWS
  * AZURE
- `cockroach_version` (String) The major version of CockroachDB running on the cluster. (e.g. v25.0)
- `creator_id` (String) ID of the user who created the cluster.
- `dedicated` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--dedicated))
- `delete_protection` (Boolean) Set to true to enable delete protection on the cluster.
- `full_version` (String) The full version string of CockroachDB running on the cluster. (e.g. v25.0.1)
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the cluster.
- `operation_status` (String) Describes the current long-running operation, if any.
- `parent_id` (String) The ID of the cluster's parent folder. 'root' is used for a cluster at the root level.
- `plan` (String) Denotes cluster plan type: 'BASIC' or 'STANDARD' or 'ADVANCED'.
- `regions` (Attributes List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--regions))
- `serverless` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--serverless))
- `state` (String) Describes whether the cluster is being created, updated, deleted, etc.
- `upgrade_status` (String) Describes the status of any in-progress CockroachDB upgrade or rollback.

<a id="nestedatt--backup_config"></a>
### Nested Schema for `backup_config`

Read-Only:

- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates whether backups are enabled.
- `frequency_minutes` (Number) The frequency of backups in minutes.
- `retention_days` (Number) The number of days to retain backups for.


<a id="nestedatt--dedicated"></a>
### Nested Schema for `dedicated`

Read-Only:

- `cidr_range` (String) The IPv4 range in CIDR format that is in use by the cluster. It is only set on GCP clusters and is otherwise empty.
- `disk_iops` (Number) Number of disk I/O operations per second that are permitted on each node in the cluster. Zero indicates the cloud provider-specific default.
- `machine_type` (String) Machine type identifier within the given cloud provider, ex. m6.xlarge, n2-standard-4.
- `memory_gib` (Number) Memory per node in GiB.
- `num_virtual_cpus` (Number) Number of virtual CPUs per node in the cluster.
- `private_network_visibility` (Boolean) Indicates whether private IP addresses are assigned to nodes. Required for CMEK and other advanced networking features.
- `storage_gib` (Number) Storage amount per node in GiB.


<a id="nestedatt--regions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `regions`

Read-Only:

- `internal_dns` (String) Internal DNS name of the cluster within the cloud provider's network. Used to connect to the cluster with PrivateLink or VPC peering.
- `name` (String) Region code used by the cluster's cloud provider.
- `node_count` (Number) Number of nodes in the region. Will always be 0 for serverless clusters.
- `primary` (Boolean) Denotes whether this is the primary region in a serverless cluster. Dedicated clusters don't have a primary region.
- `sql_dns` (String) DNS name of the cluster's SQL interface. Used to connect to the cluster with IP allowlisting.
- `ui_dns` (String) DNS name used when connecting to the DB Console for the cluster.


<a id="nestedatt--serverless"></a>
### Nested Schema for `serverless`

Read-Only:

- `routing_id` (String) Cluster identifier in a connection string.
- `spend_limit` (Number, Deprecated) Spend limit in US cents.
- `upgrade_type` (String) Dictates the behavior of CockroachDB major version upgrades.
- `usage_limits` (Attributes) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--serverless--usage_limits))

<a id="nestedatt--serverless--usage_limits"></a>
### Nested Schema for `serverless.usage_limits`

Read-Only:

- `provisioned_virtual_cpus` (Number) Maximum number of vCPUs that the cluster can use.
- `request_unit_limit` (Number) Maximum number of Request Units that the cluster can consume during the month.
- `storage_mib_limit` (Number) Maximum amount of storage (in MiB) that the cluster can have at any time during the month.
